hello friends today we have June 12 i
congratulations to all
we decided today with comrades
combine rest with fishing so to speak
break away from
distract student everyday today we
we are on the Rybinsk reservoir
more precisely at the mouth of the river a small rivulet
flows recently I already caught here
so such my fishing is not particularly
turned out because of the discharge of water in principle
now that today i am so special
not aimed not by will we catch what will happen
come across from brand poured found good
plot meters 35
mixed by standard bait made
cheap and then how is that going
the place the guys will try everything for
catching someone spinning
other things like this that the rest
will quietly and we start from
snap using classic
paternoster
10 centimeters takes the feeder 56 grams
the station is decent
so I use it from the nozzle
Standard apparatus worm leash 01
about 70 probably 16 centimeters hook
that let's start fishing
Here comes the end of our fishing
more precisely the rest had a great time even
managed to catch only here plotvichek
some stuff even fried
come across in the catch are such beautiful
In principle, the specimen fishing remained
everyone is happy I wish no tail
scales he liked put huskies
subscribe to my channel total
kind
wait for new video bye
and